1 GCC can be used to compile a C program to object files and link them into an executable, in a single step
	gcc hello.c
2 GCC can directly compile the source code to object files
	gcc -c hello.c
3 GCC includes the capability to invoke the linker that collects a bunch of object files into an executable.
	gcc hello.o
4 GCC can compile the source code to Assembly language.
	gcc -S hello.c
5  GCC includes the capability to invoke the assembler that translates the Assembly code into object files.  
	gcc -c hello.s

1. What is the name of Java compiler program in Unix-based systems
	javac
2. How it can be invoked to produce the bytecode?
	javac (filename)

	for example
		javac a.java -> a.class		
3. What is the Java bytecode file’s extension?
	.class
4. What is the name of Java interpreter program in Unix-based systems
	java
5. How it can be invoked to execute the bytecode?
	java (filename without .class)
		original .java does not need to be in the folder with the .class
	for example
		javac a.java 
		java a
1. Considering experience in coding (in years) among all the respondents, which group has the biggest
share?
    The people who responded 5-9 years have the biggest share at 29.28%.

2. Considering the developer type among all the respondents, which group has the largest share?
    Full-stack developers have the largest share at 46.82%.

3. What are the top three countries from which respondents come from?
    The United States, India, and Germany in that order.

4. What percentage of respondents are men vs. women?
    91.88% were men while only 5.17% were women.

5. For how many consecutive years, Javascript has become the most popular PL?
    JavaScript has been the most popular programming language for ten years now.

6. What are the top five most popular database technologies?
    MySQL, PostgresSQL, SQLite, MongoDB, and Microsoft SQL Server in that order.

7. What are the top five most popular web frameworks and technologies?  Specify which PL aligns with each of these frameworks and technologies.
    Node.js (aligns with JavaScript), React.js (algins with JavaScript), jQuery (aligns with JavaScript), Express (aligns with JavaScript), Angular (aligns with TypeScript and AngularJS).

8. What are the top five most popular IDEs?
    Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio, IntelliJ, Notepad++, and Vim in that order.

9. What are the top five most loved PLs?
    Rust, Elixir, Clojure, TypeScript, and Julia

10. What are the top five most dreaded PLs?
    MATLAB, COBOL, VBA, Objective-C, and Fortran

11. What are the top five highest paying PLs? Specify the major programming paradigm that each of these PLs support.
    Clojure (used mostly as Functional Programming), Erlang (used mostly as Functional and Concurrent Programming), F# (used mostly as Functional Programming), LISP (used mostly as Functional Programming), and Ruby (used mostly as Object-Oriented Programing)As of Jan 2023, the top 5 PL's are:
	Python
	C
	C++
	Java
	C#
